Update gradio-client.mdx (#38)
huggingface/mcp-course: units/en/unit2/gradio-client.mdx

try:
    mcp_client = MCPClient(

>         # {"url": "https://YOUR_USERNAME-mcp-sentiment.hf.space/gradio_api/mcp/sse"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ## Try this working example on the hub:
        # {"url": "https://abidlabs-mcp-tools.hf.space/gradio_api/mcp/sse"}
```
